with regards to what's called the Silver Bullet Wars by myself had a silver
bullet tour. I took a ship from my second ship from San Diego
to get your pad and then wind up living in Japan for much closer to
years. So as a result of that, I got a silver bullet. I was allowed
to go. That's why I myself going on. So regarding that was hardship.
Toe off. Want anyone with family doing that? So But you gotta think
it through, you know? So for two years of pain, of living on glued
a ship that goes to Japan, you know, like, get well, I have to go for
Yeah, I met my wife there. That's a lot of four that was worth it.
In the end. That was more of it on the ship while I was out there.
I have to see all hope was to Pacific. Had to see every port there was.
I crossed the line twice, three times, uh, four guys came back out
four times. Cross the line for five years and I have to see every
port there. Waas, soas, faras, John Paul Jones, and seeing the navy
on seeing the world. This this cell